You are strong enough to save others.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
23:05 DOGENZAKA, IN FRONT OF SHIBUYA 109
My Ten Shadows Technique
can only get two Divine Dogs at first.
If I want to use other Shikigami,
I must exorcise them first.
I can only acquire all ten Shikigami
by repeating the exorcism process.
Are you finished?
Like the girl just now,
you are very young, yet very strong.
You're seriously injured,
and still managed not to let me get close.
But with all that bleeding,
even if I don't do anything...
You can exorcise a Shikigami
with multiple people.
However, the exorcism carried out
by multiple people
will become invalid afterward.
In other words, for the sorcerer,
that ritual is meaningless.
But,
even if it's meaningless,
it still can be useful.
Who's there making such a fuss?
I haven't finished yet.
So, although a Shikigami
can't be used unless I exorcise it,
if it's for the ritual,
I can summon them anytime.
Could it be...
Not a single sorcerer
has ever been able to exorcise this one.
Do you know why the Gojo family
and the Zenin family don't get along?
They're not on good terms?
Not at all.
It was in the Edo period,
or maybe the Keicho era.
I forgot.
The heads of the families
had a duel before the aristocracy,
and both died.
The heads at that time were...
Just like me.
A Limitless Cursed Technique user
with the Six Eyes.
And, the technique
of the other side was the same as yours.
Ten Shadows Technique.
You know what I'm trying to say, right?
That doesn't mean
I can become a sorcerer
who can defeat you.
The head at that time
must have used it like this too.
Furube,
Yurayura.
Lord Sukuna.
I have urgent matters.
I see.
I will soon regain my freedom.
Do not neglect preparation.
See you later, Uraume.
Yes.
I shall be waiting for you.
He got me.
It's a ritual.
He started it and made me to take part.
Eight-Handled Sword
Divergent Sila Divine General
Mahoraga.
See you later.
Right.
Sorry, Itadori.
Hey, jerk.
I'm going to die first. Good luck.
Hold on...
Are you kidding? This is...
Damn it...
Get up, you damn sorcerer!
The technique
of curse user Haruta Shigemo is
to erase little everyday miracles
from his memory and store them.
The stored miracles
will manifest as patterns around his eyes
and be released
when his life is in danger..
But he does not know this.
Suspended animation, huh?
I see.
So it was a good idea
to save this piece of trash.
He was probably dragged
into the exorcism ritual.
Once he dies, the ritual will end.
And Megumi Fushiguro will also die.
You can't die.
I have a job for you.
Well... I...
Shut up.
In order to save Megumi Fushiguro's life,
the Shikigami must be taken
down by me, an outsider.
That would invalidate the exorcism ritual.
Let me
have a taste.
Dismantle.
That blade...
Is that the Sword of Extermination
specialized for cursed spirits?
It's like Reverse Cursed Technique
and carries positive energy.
If I were a cursed spirit,
I would've vanished with the first strike.
Tastes terrible.
Come on!
You've done something.
That felt strange.
Again?
Cursed energy?!
You're really something.
You can see
my technique, right?
As expected,
it's something similar
to Yamata no Orochi.
It saw through my slash
and attacked with cursed energy.
Both happened after that wheel turned.
Furu's Incantation and that wheel
represent a complete cycle and harmony.
From this, I infer that
the Shikigami's ability is
to adapt to all phenomena.
Kind of like cheating
at rock-paper-scissors.
If it were me back then,
I may have been defeated.
Megumi Fushiguro, you've fascinated me!
Domain Expansion.
Malevolent Shrine.
Sukuna's domain, Malevolent Shrine,
is unlike other domains.
It does not separate space with a barrier
or close the barrier itself,
but makes the Innate Domain visible.
It's like not using a canvas,
but rather painting directly in the sky.
An unimaginable skill.
In addition, a Binding Vow is formed
by allowing opponents to escape.
It increases the range of guaranteed hit
to a maximum radius of 200 meters.
Considering the effect
on Megumi Fushiguro,
Sukuna narrowed the range
to a 140-meter radius, on the ground.
How is it?
No, no signal.
Me neither.
But I don't think
we need to be too worried.
There was that megaphone guy...
Sukuna has two types of slash attacks.
Cleave for those with cursed energy
within the guaranteed hit range,
and Dismantle for those
without cursed energy.
Until Malevolent Shrine disappears,
all targets will be attacked relentlessly.
This is the only way to break Mahoraga.
Use a technique alien to the opponent
and kill him before he can adapt.
Cleave fits this requirement.
But if he hasn't adapted to Dismantle,
but to all slash attacks...
it will be a different story.
The regeneration of Mahoraga
is about to complete.
Open.
What are you looking at?
Get lost.
Well... I'll excuse myself then.
I'm indeed very lucky.
Today,
I've escaped death again...
The miracles Shigemo stored
had been exhausted
in his battle with Kento Nanami.
It's almost time.
Fushiguro.
I thought I just saw Itadori for a moment.
No, was it Sukuna?
23:14 DOGENZAKA, IN FRONT OF SHIBUYA 109
Kid.
Enjoy it while you can.
Die.
Only me...
Die!
Die now!
I have to go.
I must fight.
Otherwise I'm nothing...
but a murderer.
Things are getting out of hand.
Let's count prime numbers to calm down.
One, two, three... um, nine?
Five, seven.
Next episode, Right and Wrong.
I'll become a polar bear
if you don't watch.
Same difference.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm